So our custom WordPress Theme is stanes take shape.
Now one of the main problems that we can see is that the images that were included in the bootstrap
template aren't appear in any Wordpress site so we need to fix that now.
So to start with the majority of the images are in the index page.
So head over to indexed of p p.
So to get the images to appear and we need to correctly change the file path.
So the first one is in the welcome section and this is the divider purple.
So inside the image soss.
When to start the HP tags open and close and tags.
And then we use the same function that we use to include the file path for the CSA.
So eco.
Escape you are real.
And then in brackets we'll get the template.
On the score directory underscore you are right.
Then a pair of brackets.
The make you put the semicolon at the end again.
So it just open up the sidebar.
So again the template directory you are right which is our theme folder and then would include any image
use folder which is in the root directory.
So make sure that you've got a slush just before there because that isn't added in automatically.
So let's just save that and check the work and before we go any further.
So there's a purple image.
So let's just copy this to save a lot.
Type in.
So just copy everything from the forward slash before the images folder up to the organ and page peetz.
And then go onto the facilities section and then just paste this before each one of the images.
So the make up the candles the lake image and the pool.
And then we have the silver image in the latest Office section.
So paste that in.
Scroll thurbert answer was any moment to change.
That's one more image in the shop online section.
So let's save that and see how Let's look in and refresh the browser.
So again somewhere now let's look in better.
So we need to include the main buckram an image book.
But in the header so will do that now.
So in the heading copy HP.
Scored after the feature section and paste that in front of the lakeside image and then save and then
refresh that.
Good so we somewhere.
Now let's scroll down to the footer section.
So just a couple of images we need to include the footer section which is the divider image and also
the shop online buckstone Image silly footer doppie HP and scroll up for the divider.
So paste that in and save then refresh says.
Divide image and then as just the shop online section.
Image and were added this as a background image in the CSA.
So head over to the style dotsie assess and then scroll down to the shop online section.
Are this to work correctly and WordPress will need to delete the slush on the 2..
So save that.
Then refresh.
Thus the image appeared in the background would you need to make sure the shop online but urn is below
the divider.
So I think we're missing a break tag.
Spike to the index page.
We've got the head in the neat divide image and then the button straight after.
So you can add break tigg into there and then refresh and hopefully that should work that's great.
No ago that's working perfectly now.
So I think that's all the image you've covered in the next page.
Scroll up and down and see if anything is missing.
Great home page now looks as it should do.
We've got all the images now in place and it looked exactly like the bootstrap template that we've created.
So thanks for watching and we'll see in the next video.